DEPR: back-compat shim for select_dtypes (#62718)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/user_guide/basics.rst

   df.select_dtypes(include=["number", "bool"], exclude=["unsignedinteger"])

To select string columns include ``str``:

.. ipython:: python

   df.select_dtypes(include=[str])

.. note::

>     This is a change in pandas 3.0. Previously strings were stored in ``object`` dtype columns, so would be selected with ``include=[object]``.  See https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/user_guide/migration-3-strings.html#hardcoded-use-of-object-dtype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a change in pandas 3.0. Previously strings were stored in ``object`` dtype columns, so would be selected with ``include=[object]``.  See :ref:`string_migration.object`.
```

Best to use internal references for something like this (but will do this in a follow-up PR expanding that section a bit)
